Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[intriguing music playing]
[music builds]
[music builds. becomes triumphant]
[music softens]
[birds chirping]
[radio announcer]
It's gonna be a scorcher today. folks.
We're looking at a high of 98.
cooling down into the evening.
and we're forecasting clear skies
up and down the coast.
which means
Adventure City should get a good look
at tonight's meteor shower.
You're listening to Adventure City Radio.
[radio jingle plays] ♪ 104 ♪
[bell ringing]
I'm coming. I'm coming.
[telephone rings]
J&H Scrap.
You bring us trash. we pay you cash.
[caller speaking indistinctly]
Oh. sure thing. I'll get him.
Hank! Phone!
Okey-doke. [grunts]
Bruce. when are you gonna start
answering the phone?
Living here rent-free. [laughs]
Yell-o. Hello?
Weird. There's nobody there.
Wh... What do you mean?
I was just talking to her.
- Hello? Hello?
- What on earth? [grunts]
- The door's locked.
- There's somebody outside.
- What? Where?
- Look. Over there.
[Hank] What are they doing?
[Janet] Looks like
they're stealing the crane!
[dramatic music playing]
[Hank] Oh my goodness.
They're heading straight
for the welding tanks!
[both shriek]
[both scream]
[screams]
[keypad beeps]
Hello? PAW Patrol?
This is Janet from J&H Scrap.
The whole place is burning down!
You've got to come quick!
- [gulls squawking]
- [buoy bell clanging]
[heroic music playing]
[machinery rumbling. clanking]
[Ryder] All right. pups.
we've got a fire at the scrapyard.
And by the sounds of it.
we don't have much time.
No fire's too big. no pup's too small!
[heroic music continues]
Skye. you are clear for takeoff.
Let's take to the sky!
[jet engines whirr. blast]
And away we go!
[jet whooshes]
Pups. get ready to launch.
[metal clanging]
[engines whirring]
PAW Patrol is on a roll!
[pups howling]
[energetic music playing]
[Skye] I've got eyes on the fire.
It's a big one.
I'm going in for a water drop.
The entrance is blocked.
I'm gonna clear a way in.
Whoo! Bullseye!
Hot dog! It's the PAW Patrol!
They're gonna save us!
The PAW Patrol! Oh. Bruce.
you're gonna love 'em.
They're cute little puppies
who drive around in cars.
I know that sounds weird.
but just go with it.
[Ryder] All right. Marshall.
let's fight that fire.
Arf! Water cannon!
- [beeps]
- [machine whirrs]
[howls]
- [Janet] Help!
- [Hank] Over here!
- Help!
[Janet and Hank] Help us!
Marshall. the trailer's on fire!
I'm all out of water!
- Oh no.
- [Skye] Incoming!
[howls]
- [pups cheering]
- Yeah. Skye!
[laughs]
- [music fades]
- Whoo! [laughs]
You see that right there?
That's why she's my favorite pup.
[Janet] PAW Patrol!
Let's get you out of there.
[grunts]
- Whoa!
- [groans]
- Oops. Sorry.
- And that's why I wear a hard hat.
Oh. thank you.
Thank you. thank you. thank you.
We're just glad you're okay.
Hopefully. there's not too much damage.
Well. the good thing is.
it was all junk to begin with. [laughs]
These are the brave pups
I was telling you about.
This is Bruce. He's a sensitive soul.
This is all a bit much for him.
Hey. let's get a picture
with Bruce and the pups.
Oh. great idea.
Oh. Janet. grab the little one
so she gets in the photo.
- I'm fine down here.
- Come here. sweetie.
Everybody say. "Junk."
- [all] Junk!
- [camera shutter clicks]
[groans] I hate being the smallest pup.
If she picked me up like that.
I'd have hit her with the dog breath.
- [exhales]
- [both chuckle]
That trailer was locked
from the outside. How did that happen?
Well. you're not gonna believe this.
but somebody locked us up
so they could steal
our ten-ton electromagnet.
Who would want to steal
a ten-ton electromagnet?
[ominous music playing]
- [insects chirping]
- [machinery clanking. whirring]
[metal clangs]
It's showtime. [cackles]
[news show theme music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
Hey. what's going on. everybody?
I'm Sam Stringer here. reporting live
from downtown Adventure City.
where we're about to see
the largest meteor shower
we've had in over 50 years.
- [citizens cheer]
- [chants] Meteor! Meteor! Meteor!
I'm just so excited to see
the meteor. Chickaletta.
[squawks]
As you can see.
it's meteor fever out here.
and everyone is turning their eyes
to the sky.
[citizens chanting]
Meteor! Meteor! Meteor...
[whimsical music playing]
- See any meteors?
- [yelps. giggles]
All I can see is your giant head.
- Oops. Sorry. [chuckles]
- [chuckles]
[Chase] Come on. Rubble.
You're gonna miss the meteor.
You don't really expect me to watch
a once-in-a-lifetime celestial event
without snacks?
- [thud]
- [snacks clatter]
[giggles]
Hey. Chase. you have a rip in your suit.
- I do?
- [Ryder] Yeah.
Looks like you're too big
for this thing already.
You're all growing so fast.
- All of us? Even me?
- Not yet. Skye.
You're still pretty much the same size.
But it's nothing to worry about.
All pups grow at their own speed.
[sighs] And some of us never grow at all.
- [doorbell chiming]
- Oh. great. They're here.
Come on up. Pups. we've got company.
I'd like you to meet
the Junior Patrollers.
- Nano.
- Hello!
- [Ryder] Mini.
- Hi!
- [Ryder] And Tot.
- What's up?
When they grow up.
they want to be in the PAW Patrol.
So I invited them to watch
the meteor shower with us.
- [gasps] You're Chase.
- Uh. yep.
- You're on the case.
- I guess I am.
- [munches. gasps]
- And you're Rubble!
- Cool glasses.
- Thank you.
Wow. Skye. I'm almost as tall as you!
- Well. I'm definitely taller.
- But not for long.
Why don't you guys
check out the telescope?
- Whoa! Whoa!
- My turn. my turn!
Whoa. whoa. whoa! Whoa. whoa!
Take it easy. puffballs.
This thing is expensive.
- Oops.
- Whoops.
- Sorry.
- Let's try that again.
Take a look through the eyepiece
and tell us what you see.
Carefully look through
the eyepiece. Carefully.
I don't know about this whole
"Junior Patrollers" thing.
I mean. when did the PAW Patrol become
a babysitting service?
Come on. Liberty.
Don't write them off
just because they're small.
- Whoa! Look at all the stars.
- There must be a billion of them.
- We should count them all.
- Okay.
One. two. three. four. five. six. seven...
- [insects chirping]
- [eerie music playing]
[video camera chimes]
Hello. world.
Hello. universe. Hello. Internet!
My name is Victoria Vance.
and I'm making this video as proof
that I'm
the greatest scientist in history.
Oh. and don't believe the rumors.
I'm not a mad scientist.
I... I mean. sure.
sometimes I act a little mad.
and... and I am a scientist.
but that doesn't make me a mad scientist.
You got that? Good.
[cackles]
Now. I've been tracking meteor X-2805
for the past two years.
It contains some kind of power source
stronger than anything
we've ever seen on Earth.
Which brings me to my latest invention.
the Meteor Magnet!
Cool name. right? [chuckles softly]
This sweet little tractor beam
will pull that meteor out of the sky
and gently deliver it
to my doorstep. [grunts]
Now. let's get ready to party.
[energetic rock music playing]
- [Meteor Magnet whirrs]
- ["brutal" playing]
♪ All I did was try my best
This the kinda thanks I get? ♪
♪ Unrelentlessly upset ♪
♪ They say these are the golden years
But I wish I could disappear ♪
Whoo-hoo! I've locked on
to the meteor and I'm reeling it in!
I did it. I did it!
Me. The Victoria Vance.
To all the haters out there
who laughed at me
and called me a mad scientist.
who's laughing now? [cackles]
[alarms blaring]
[Victoria] Uh-oh!
[intense music playing]
No! No. no. no. no!
The meteor is stronger than I expected.
I don't have enough power!
[electricity zapping]
[Meteor Magnet powers down]
That is not good.
[Nano] ...3.034. 3.035.
3.036. 3.037. 3.038...
[gasps] There it is!
[all] Whoa!
I didn't think it would be so bright.
It looks like it's headed straight for us.
- [meteor rumbling in distance]
- [alarm beeping]
That's because it is!
Everybody out of the pup tower!
[suspenseful music playing]
[Junior Patrollers yelling]
[Ryder] Get those people inside!
Go. go. go!
Everybody out of the street!
You need to take cover right now!
Take shelter!
The meteor is heading straight for us!
- [citizens gasp]
- [squawks]
[citizens clamor]
Everybody inside! Get inside!
- [grunts]
- [squawks]
- [groans]
- Come on. buddy. Get up. Let's go.
Get out of the street!
We don't have much time!
Clear!
- Street's clear!
- Clear!
Good job. pups. Now take cover!
[pups pant]
[grunts]
[pants]
[gasps]
Get down!
[alarms blaring]
Is everybody okay?
I'm okay.
I'm good.
I'm fine.
but I'm gonna need a serious bath.
[indistinct chatter]
Oh my goodness.
Wait. Where are the Junior Patrollers?
Nano? Mini? Tot?
- Whoa!
That was epic.
[sighs] I'm so glad nobody got hurt.
- Oh no. Look.
- [somber music playing]
- The pup tower.
- It's completely destroyed.
- Our home.
- Our vehicles.
It's all gone.
[citizens clamoring. gasping]
[meteor rumbling]
[Liberty] That little thing did all this?
[streetlamp buzzing]
[Ryder] This meteor is giving off
some kind of strange energy pulse.
Let's get it out of here
until we find out what's going on.
At approximately 7:31 p.m..
a meteor. which was meant
to safely pass by the planet.
suddenly veered off course.
crashing into Adventure City.
causing massive destruction!
I was there. people!
I almost got squashed!
Whew! Okay. [grunts]
The mad scientist Victoria Vance
was arrested
after taking credit
for the disaster online.
I did it! Me. Victoria Vance.
Yikes. Ooh!
That's an open-and-shut case.
[lock buzzing]
You can't lock me up!
I'm the greatest scientist in the world!
More like the maddest scientist
in the world. [chuckles]
I heard that. I am not a mad scientist!
[groans. grunts]
- [huffs]
- Hello. roomie.
[kitties meow]
[loud thud]
It looks like it stopped glowing.
Maybe that's a good thing.
The glowing freaks me out.
[machine beeps. whirrs]
This will analyze the meteor
and tell us what it's made of.
We'll leave it scanning overnight
and see what we can learn.
[monitor chimes]
All right. pups. time for bed.
[Skye grunts] Come on.
Need a little help there. Skye?
Nope. No. I got it. [grunts]
[thuds. groans]
[gasps softly]
[sentimental music playing]
[sighs]
Good night. pups.
If you need me. I'm just down the hall.
- [Rubble] Ryder?
- Yeah?
I miss the pup tower.
I don't like sleeping in new places.
I'm never gonna be able to get to sleep.
Well. we've all had a long day.
You're probably more tired than you think.
[Rubble snoring]
[all chuckle]
See you in the morning.
[wind rustling]
[low rumbling]
[rumbling continues]
[Rubble snoring]
Rubble. quit messing with the light.
Rubble! [gasps]
[snores]
What is that?
[faint chiming and rumbling]
[suspenseful music playing]
[rumbling becomes louder]
- [rumbling continues]
- [music builds]
[meteor thrums]
[zaps]
Weird.
[cracks]
I didn't do it!
[crystals chiming]
[energy whooshes]
[gasps. shrieks]
[clinks]
No way.
[gasps]
Whoa.
Whoa!
Whoa! Oh! [chuckles]
Whoa.
[dramatic music playing]
[grunts]
[music becomes triumphant]
Looks like the smallest pup
just became the strongest pup.
[grunting]
All right. let's see
what this thing can really do.
[shrieks]
- Whoa!
- [pups gasp]
What's going on? Is everybody okay?
I think I've got superpowers.
Whoa.
[all] Whoa.
No way.
- This is the weirdest dream I've ever had.
- Uh. Rubble. you're not dreaming.
Oh. Then this is
the weirdest awake I've ever had.
[pups chuckles]
[gasps] Look at your paws.
[fire crackling]
Whoa. It's some kind of fireball.
Well. that makes sense. You're a fire pup.
I wonder what your power is.
- Huh? Chase?
- [Chase] Marshall!
Up here!
Hey. how'd you get over there so fast?
- Get over where?
- [shrieks]
Great. Now the clumsy pup
shoots fireballs out of his paws.
Don't worry. I got it.
[chuckles] Dudes. I'm one with the water.
Awesome.
Check me out. I'm a walking magnet.
- [spoon clinks]
- Huh?
[gasps]
- [loud clink]
- [gasps]
Sorry about that.
Cool. I'm a wrecking ball.
Whoa. Rubble. are you okay?
Rock 'n' roll!
What's your power. Liberty?
That's a good question.
I'm trying to figure it out.
Okay. come on. Here we go.
Superpowers on three.
One. two. three. Whoa! [groaning]
Okay. okay. It's not the power of flight.
That's because it's magnet paws!
Nope.
[chuckles. exclaims]
That's it!
I'm a superpowered wrecking ball!
Yeah! Whoo! [groans]
What's going on here? I've got no powers.
What a rip-off.
Skye can fly. Marshall can control fire.
Zuma turns to water.
It's like these crystals amplify
something about you.
But I'm just Liberty. What's my thing?
[pups laugh]
Now that we're super.
we're gonna need a new name for ourselves.
Why do we need a new name?
We're the PAW Patrol.
I know. but now we're more.
It's like we've got something
just a little bit extra.
Ooh! I know. How about we call ourselves
"The PAW Patrol But More
With Just A Little Bit Extra"?
- It doesn't exactly roll off the tongue.
- [pups chuckle]
How about "The Mighty Pups"?
[heroic music playing]
Ready for action. Ryder. sir!
[pups gasp]
[pups] Whoa!
[howling]
[automated voice]
Chase. Marshall. ready for launch.
Power paws!
[automated voice] Ten. nine. eight.
seven. six. five. four...
- [howls]
- [automated voice] ...three. two. one...
go!
Power paws!
[automated voice] Skye. Rocky...
go!
[automated voice]
Zuma. Rubble. ready for launch.
- [gasps] Did he say "lunch"?
- [automated voice] No. I said launch!
- [grumbles]
- [automated voice] Go!
[Liberty] Uh. Ryder?
As you know. I didn't get any superpowers.
So. I'm not totally sure what to do here.
I've been thinking about that. Liberty.
and I've got
a very important mission for you.
You do? Yes!
That's what I'm talking about!
Whatever you need.
anything at all. I'm your pup.
Great. I need you to hang back
and look after the Junior Patrollers.
Oh. that's not a good idea. Nope. Uh-uh.
I'm trying to be more flexible.
but I don't know
the first thing about little kids.
Don't worry. Liberty.
You'll be great at it.
Mighty Pups are on a roll!
Ryder. come back!
I'm not built for babysitting!
["Down Like That" playing]
♪ It isn't going down like that ♪
♪ It doesn't matter the mission
We got each other's backs ♪
♪ It isn't going down like that ♪
[screams]
♪ We're taking over. coming in hot ♪
♪ Won't even break a sweat
Because we got it on lock ♪
♪ We bring the thunder
We'll give it all we got ♪
♪ You think we're backing down
Well. we're not ♪
♪ It isn't going down like that ♪
♪ It doesn't matter the mission
We got each other's backs ♪
♪ It isn't going down like that ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
- ♪ La. la. la. la. like that ♪
- ♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
[Sam] When we hear the word "Superpowers."
we usually think
of big-budget Hollywood movies
starring overpaid celebrities
wearing tights.
But now we know superpowers are real.
And the fluffy little doggies who got them
call themselves "The Mighty Pups."
Help!
♪ We're coming out on top
You'll never break this crew ♪
♪ 'Cause we will never stop
No matter what you do ♪
♪ We're coming out on top
You'll never break this crew ♪
♪ 'Cause we will never stop ♪
♪ It isn't going down like that ♪
They got new powers.
new uniforms. and new merchandise.
To all the parents out there. I'm sorry.
- [thud]
- [music concludes]
That was my meteor.
Those should be my superpowers.
- I can't stand those little mongrels.
- I can't stand the PAW Patrol either.
That's what makes us
such perfect roommates.
Yeah. well. don't get too attached.
As soon as I can find my way out of here.
I'm gonna get my meteor back.
Can you give us a minute?
I need to discuss something in private
with my colleagues.
[kitties meow. purr]
- [Mayor Humdinger whispers indistinctly]
- [kitty growls]
Okay. here's the deal.
The kitties and I
have been planning a jailbreak.
We'll help you fly the coop
if you promise to share
some of those superpowers with me.
Do we have a deal?
I don't really have a lot
of options right now.
so. sure. it's a deal. [scoffs]
It's only a deal if we shake on it.
- Ugh!
- We all shake on it.
[kitties meow]
[groans] Are you kidding me?
[meows softly]
Excellent. excellent. Sealing the deal.
[chuckles] Wonderful.
Now. if you'll direct
your attention over there.
I left you a little surprise
in the toilet.
Yeah. No. thanks. I'm good.
Don't be shy. Lift the lid.
[gasps]
That's the most beautiful thing
I've ever seen.
It took me a lot of hard work.
[cackles]
The Mighty Pups have
incredible superpowers.
Skye can fly. Chase has super speed.
and Rubble is a real-life wrecking ball.
Okay. no more messing around.
My superpower is fire paws!
Nope. Okay. Okay. That's okay.
It's super speed. [pants]
I think I'm gonna be sick.
[Sam] Thanks to the superpowers
contained in the mysterious meteor.
these pups are truly unstoppable.
Come on. Liberty.
Be flexible. Be flexible!
Adventure City simply can't get enough
of these Mighty Pups.
[Junior Patrollers] Hey!
- We were watching that.
- That's the problem.
We're just sitting around watching.
We might not have superpowers.
but that doesn't mean we can't contribute.
I can't believe I'm saying this.
but are you three puffballs serious
about joining the PAW Patrol one day?
- Yes!
- Absolutely!
More than anything in the entire universe!
Then you guys are going
to be my personal project.
I'm gonna teach you everything I know
and turn you into lean. mean.
fluffy little rescue machines.
[all] Wicked!
["Dirty" playing]
...97. 98. 99. 100. Your turn.
[all] One. [groan]
Yeesh.
You're running with the big dogs now!
No pain. no gain!
[all grunting]
♪ If we don't do somethin'
We'll be stuck up in the mud again ♪
♪ Don't wanna mess it up ♪
♪ 'Cause I want everything
And nothing at all ♪
♪ Do you have enough love... ♪
Let's do this!
♪ ...to go and get your hands dirty? ♪
[Junior Patrollers] Whoa. whoa. whoa!
[grunts. exhales]
[Liberty over bullhorn]
Come on! Move it. move it!
We're gonna take you from puff to tough!
Is that all you got? I thought
you wanted to be in the PAW Patrol.
I want to see you hustle.
[Junior Patrollers yelling]
[Liberty] Go. go. go!
You're lean. you're mean.
you're a fluffy little rescue machine!
Take it easy. Liberty.
Remember. the Junior Patroller program
is just for fun.
And there's nothing more fun
than realizing your full potential.
I didn't say stop.
Move it. move it. move it!
♪ Do you have enough
love in your heart... ♪
[chuckles]
♪ ...to go and get your hands dirty? ♪
[Mayor Humdinger grunting]
- Not much further. We're almost there.
- [sighs] You said that two miles ago.
Oh. stop complaining.
Just be happy I broke you out of jail.
I'll be happy
when I have something else to look at.
- [Mayor Humdinger] We're here!
- [shrieks]
[kitties meow]
[breathes deeply]
The sweet smell of freedom.
[car horn honks]
- Is that Humdinger?
- What's he doing out of jail?
It is me. And I hope I can count
on your support in the next election.
Stop campaigning.
We're fugitives on the run.
Sorry. I forgot. It's just so nice
to be reunited with my adoring public.
- [scoffs] I didn't vote for you.
- Me neither.
You were the worst mayor
the city's ever had.
Hmm! This is why I hate
free and fair elections.
[Victoria]
We just got to keep a low profile
until we get those superpowers
from the PAW Patrol.
And how do you propose we do that?
We give them
the one thing they can't resist.
[soft music playing]
There it is.
- Air Humdinger.
- [Victoria] It's perfect.
Oh. I've missed you.
I had nightmares in jail
about flying coach.
[kisses]
Are you sure you know
how to fly this thing?
Oh. don't worry.
Your tacky little jet is in good hands.
I've been flying planes like this
since I was in grade school.
Must have been a good school.
[energetic music playing]
[indistinct radio chatter]
[automated voice] Autopilot activated.
Now we just fly around
until the PAW Patrol comes to rescue us.
And why would they do that?
Because of this.
- [screams]
- [hums]
Are you out of your mind?
Whee!
What are you doing?
Now we're in trouble.
They'll have to come rescue us!
- That was your plan?
- Uh-huh!
Now. sit down and eat some cashews
while I go yelp for help! [cackles]
[panting]
Stop. drop. and roll!
Did you see that?
They're getting it. These pups are legit.
I'm happy for you. Liberty.
but maybe it's time for a break.
Do you guys want a break?
[all] We don't need no stinking break!
Ha-ha! That's
what I'm talking about. puffballs.
- [device beeping]
- PAW Patrol. What's your emergency?
[Victoria] Mayday. mayday!
This is flight HD9904.
- We need immediate assistance.
- Hang tight. We're on our way.
[heroic music playing]
Skye. I need you to fly up there
and carry that plane down safely.
Are you up for it?
I'm a Mighty Pup. I was made for this.
We'll provide ground support.
Come on. pups.
[pups howl]
Let's take to the sky!
The PAW Patrol is here!
Cut the engines.
and I'll carry the plane down safely.
And here you are!
Humdinger?
[cackles] It worked
exactly like she said it would.
Like who said it would?
- Me. [cackles]
- My crystal!
It's like taking candy from a baby.
Give that back. [grunts]
Ooh. you're a feisty one. aren't you?
- [both grunting]
- [groans]
Catch you around. pip-squeak. Buh-bye!
No!
Thank you for flying Air Humdinger.
[blows raspberry]
- Whoo-hoo! [cackling]
- [kitties exclaim happily]
[groans]
[grunts]
- Ryder. come in. This is Skye.
- [Ryder] How's it going up there?
It was a trap.
They stole my crystal. I've got no powers.
and this plane is going down.
[Ryder] Where are you right now?
[grunts] I can't get a visual. Hang on.
[Ryder]
Can you make it back to the airport?
[grunts]
Negative. It's too far.
I need a place to land this thing now.
Copy that. We'll have to improvise.
Skye. we're clearing a runway.
I need you
to set a course for Main Street.
- Did you say Main Street?
- [Ryder] Affirmative.
That's the busiest street
in Adventure City.
[tires screeching]
It's also the longest.
[traffic whizzing]
All right. pups. We need to make a runway.
and we don't have much time.
- [fire truck horn blares]
- [Ryder] Let's move it. people.
You don't have to go home.
but you can't stay here.
- Chase. mark the runway. All the way down.
- Chase is on the case.
- Arf! Flares!
- [tires screech]
I feel the need for super speed.
[machinery whirring]
[onlookers cheering]
This intersection is closed!
[Skye] I've got a visual on the runway.
All right. let's do this.
Close your eyes and listen
to the calming sound of my voice.
[screams]
[Skye] I'm on final approach.
[train bell clanging]
Oh no!
I'm going under!
Whoa!
[grunts] Come on. baby.
Soft landing. Soft landing.
[grunts] Okay. hard landing.
- Whoa.
- [gasps]
Whoa. whoa. whoa!
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa!
[whimpers]
[nose squeaks]
[crowd cheering]
Now. that's a nice parking job.
[sighs in relief]
[Liberty] They're back.
Come on. They're back.
- Awesome!
- Yeah!
- How'd it go?
- Not good.
Come on. You guys are the Mighty Pups.
- How bad could it be?
- It was a trap.
Skye's crystal was stolen.
Oh. So. really. really not good.
- [somber music playing]
- [gulls squawking in distance]
Hey. Skye. You doing okay?
I can't believe I lost my crystal.
It could have happened to any one of us.
But it didn't. It happened to me.
[sighs]
When I was born.
I was the runt of the litter.
- Do you know what that means?
- That you were the smallest?
The smallest and the weakest.
["Learning To Fly" playing]
♪ We all start at the beginning ♪
[Skye] It's not easy being the smallest.
♪ Unsure who we'll become ♪
[Skye] You learn pretty early on
that everything's gonna be harder for you.
♪ And try to find a place to belong ♪
♪ One day. you'll make it ♪
♪ To your place in the sun ♪
♪ Sometimes you feel like you're alone ♪
[Skye] When you're the smallest.
you're always picked last.
♪ That's when you learn
To find your strength ♪
[Skye] And sometimes
you're never picked at all.
♪ ...every hero needs a friend ♪
♪ But sometimes even heroes have to wait ♪
[vehicle approaching]
[Skye] Eventually. I realized
that if I wanted a better life.
I needed to take matters
into my own hands.
♪ You gotta learn to fall before you fly ♪
♪ You gotta leave the ground
Before you touch the sky ♪
♪ Your dreams are meant
For chasin' far and wide ♪
No! Come back!
♪ That's learnin' to fly ♪
♪ You gotta learn to fall before you fly ♪
♪ You gotta leave the ground
Before you touch the sky ♪
♪ Your dreams are meant
For chasin' far and wide ♪
♪ That's when you'll find your way
That's learnin' to fly ♪
I've got ya. It's okay.
Let's get you out of the cold.
♪ Fly ♪
[music fades out]
I shouldn't even be in the PAW Patrol.
Ryder didn't want another pup.
And if he did. he sure wouldn't
have picked one as small as me.
I had no idea.
When I had superpowers.
for the first time in my life.
I didn't feel like
the smallest and the weakest.
I'd do anything to get that crystal back.
[Junior Patrollers grunt]
Amazing! That's your best time yet!
Hey. Liberty.
Can I talk to you for a second?
Okay. puffballs. take five.
Better yet. take zero. Do some push-ups.
[all howl]
I'm telling you. Ryder.
these puffballs are the real deal.
Liberty. we've got to end
the Junior Patroller program.
- What?
- It's too dangerous.
Skye's superpowers have fallen
into the wrong hands.
and we have no idea what's coming.
But the puffballs can help.
Sure. they're little.
but I've heard you say.
"No pup's too small."
like. a million times.
I know the Junior Patrollers
mean the world to you.
but for now. we need to keep them safe.
That means we need to send them home.
Do you want to tell them or should I?
- Tell us what?
- [Ryder gasps]
Nano. Mini. Tot. I've got some tough news.
I'm ending the Junior Patroller program.
- What? No.
- [Ryder] I'm sorry.
Hopefully. we can start it again
when things are safe.
When is that gonna be?
I don't know.
Ryder. I'm sorry I lost my crystal.
It's not your fault.
I never should have sent you
up there alone.
I just keep thinking.
if I wasn't so small.
I could've stopped them from taking it.
Don't be so hard on yourself.
We're gonna get it back.
I've set the computer
to scan the city sector by sector.
looking for the energy signature
of the crystal.
Just say the word. I'm ready to go.
Skye. I'm gonna need you
to stay behind on this mission.
- What?
- You don't have superpowers anymore.
But I have to do something.
My job is to keep you safe.
Until we get that crystal back.
I need you to stay here.
That's not fair!
I'm sorry. Skye. But my decision is final.
Try and get some rest.
[hologram humming faintly]
[Victoria cackling gleefully]
Finally. [cackles] I wonder
what my superpower will be.
Ooh!
- Ow!
- Don't touch.
[gasps]
Ooh! It tingles. [laughs. gasps]
I have the power to control electricity.
[cackles maniacally]
For someone who hates
being called a mad scientist.
this is not helping your image!
- [electricity zaps]
- [shrieks]
I'm just gonna stand over here.
This is incredible! I can feel
the energy surging through me!
[electricity zapping]
[Mayor Humdinger] Stop that!
The static electricity is ruining
my mustache.
[kitties meow]
And look what it's done to the kitties!
The problem with the Meteor Magnet was
it never had enough power.
But now look at me.
I just need to make a few modifications.
and I can give it all the power it needs.
[cackles]
I'll finally be able
to catch all the meteors I want!
Why on earth do you need more meteors?
You saw what kind
of power was in the first one.
Who knows what else is out there?
[cackles]
[scanner chiming]
[automated voice]
Energy signature detected.
- Energy signature detected.
- [gasps] My crystal.
[suspenseful music playing]
[snores]
If I'm gonna get my crystal back.
I'm gonna need all the power I can get.
[heroic music playing]
That's all of them.
I'll have these crystals back
before anyone knows they're gone.
[monitor beeps. chimes]
Gotcha. Switching engines to stealth mode.
[music concludes]
[insects chirping]
[tense music playing]
[grunts]
- [gasps]
- [snores]
[continues snoring]
[Victoria] Oh. no. you don't! [cackles]
- [yells]
- [groans]
Ta-ta!
Get back here!
[dramatic music playing]
Is that really as fast as you can go?
[groans]
Oh. do you need me to slow down
so you can keep up. little pup?
[grunts]
[gasps]
[cackles] You're so predictable.
Let me out of here!
Not so super
inside a force field. are you?
[grunts]
Don't feel bad for losing.
People have been underestimating me
my entire life.
Thanks for the crystals though.
[Skye] No!
[Victoria cackles]
[groans]
Time to put all of this power to work!
[grunts]
[Meteor Magnet whirrs]
[cackles] This is incredible!
I can reach further into space
than ever before.
Stop! What you're doing is dangerous.
People could get hurt.
- [electricity zapping]
- [Meteor Magnet powers down]
And why should I care about other people?
They never cared about me.
No matter how smart I was.
they laughed at me
and called me a mad scientist.
So. I took matters into my own hands.
I promised myself
I'd never let anyone make me feel small
and insignificant ever again.
I'm sorry that happened to you.
Oh. what would you know
about anything? You're just a dog.
I know what it's like
to feel small and insignificant.
Like you have to work
twice as hard as everyone else
just to prove you belong.
That's why I risked everything
to get my crystal back.
But all I did was make things worse.
Turns out I am too small
to make a difference.
Ooh! [chuckles]
That was good.
I know what you're trying to do.
We have a little bonding moment.
I get all soft and blubbery.
then I have a change
of heart and let you go?
Well. it's never gonna happen! [cackles]
Who are you talking to?
Ooh! Is that Skye?
Humdinger.
She was kind enough
to bring me the rest of the crystals.
Aren't they beautiful?
Now. remember. we had a deal.
One of those crystals is mine.
Ugh! Fine. A deal's a deal.
- [crystal clinks]
- Oh! Oh! Ah!
Oh my goodness. I can talk! [laughs]
- I have so much to say!
- [Mayor Humdinger] Give me that crystal!
[meows]
How do I turn this thing on?
Come on. superpowers.
[shrieks]
[gasps]
Wow! Oh! Whoa!
Oh!
[yells]
[kitties yowl]
[cackles] Would you look at that?
[Mayor Humdinger] Ooh. I always knew
I'd make it big in Adventure City.
Now. if you'll excuse me.
I have to pay a visit to the PAW Patrol.
Those pups and I have got
some unfinished business.
[footsteps thundering]
Oh no.
Ryder! Ryder! Ryder!
Skye's gone. She took the crystals!
Huh? What?
Skye. this is Ryder. Come in.
Skye. this is Ryder. Do you read me?
[static over radio]
[computer chimes]
The computer found the missing crystal.
- She must've gone after it.
- Oh no.
Come on. pups. Skye needs our help.
How are we supposed to help Skye
if we don't have our superpowers?
Looks like we're doing this
the old-fashioned way.
Then I'm coming with you.
[howls]
What was that?
- [tires screech]
- Whoa. whoa. whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
[Marshall] Earthquake!
I don't think that's an earthquake.
Well. well. well.
If it isn't my old friends.
the PAW Patrol.
Humdinger.
He looks different than I remember.
I'm stuck!
- [growls]
- [screams]
- [Rocky] Gotcha. Go!
- [energetic music playing]
- Spread out and don't get stepped on.
- [Humdinger cackles]
["I Love It" playing]
♪ I got this feeling on the summer day
When you were gone ♪
[Mayor Humdinger]
Hold still so I can squash you.
♪ I don't care... ♪
[Zuma] Get out of the road!
What kind of heartless monster
steps on an ice-cream truck?
♪ I got this feeling on the summer day
When you were gone ♪
♪ I love it ♪
[sighs] There's nothing better
than a day at the salon.
[cackles]
Ugh. you've got to be kidding me.
[Liberty] Arf! Sidecar!
♪ I don't care! I love it ♪
Hey!
♪ I don't care... ♪
Hey. I know you. You're in the PAW Patrol.
I was thinking maybe I should join.
I mean. not to do the rescues
or anything. obviously.
but. like. your social media or whatever.
- Whoo-hoo!
- [Zuma] Hang on!
[both scream]
♪ I love it ♪
♪ I don't care! ♪
Sorry about that!
On second thought.
who needs a job? Ew.
[Mayor Humdinger]
You're not getting away that easy.
[grunts]
Get back here!
It's a dead end! Turn around!
[cackles]
Looks like it's the end
of the road. PAW Patrol.
What do we do?
- I don't know. We're trapped!
- [cackles]
Junior Patrol is on a roll!
It's the Junior Patrollers!
[Junior Patrollers howl]
[growls]
- [Junior Patrollers scream]
- [yelps]
What is that? Get it off! Get it off!
[groans. yells]
[Nano] Operation Allergies.
- Go!
[both grunt]
Ah... Ah... Ah... Ah... Ah...
He's gonna blow!
- [sneezes]
- [both yell]
- [both giggle]
- [groans]
Marshall. the crystal's
in his jacket pocket!
[Marshall] I'm on it.
[grunting]
- Got it!
- [Mayor Humdinger] Oh. no. you don't!
Marshall!
Nobody messes with Giant Humdinger.
[laughs] Ow!
If you mess with the fire pup.
you're gonna get burned.
- Ooh. that's a hot one-liner.
- He's shrinking!
[shrieks]
Whoa! Whoa! [thuds. groans]
Humdinger. you're going back to jail.
Oh. not again.
That's what I'm talking about.
Lean. mean. fluffy.
little. rescue machines.
Hop in. puffballs. You ride with me.
[howling]
Nice work. Marshall.
Let's take that crystal and go get Skye.
[pups howling]
[electrical zapping]
[cackles]
So many meteors. so little time. Ooh!
[melancholy music playing]
[doorbell ringing]
Can't you read? The sign says. "Keep out!"
[bell ringing intensifies]
[sighs]
[ringing continues]
- [Nano] Hello!
- [shrieks]
We're going door to door
selling Pup Club cookies.
Can we interest you
in a sweet and tasty treat?
I'm listening. What do you got?
Vance is distracted at the door.
Zuma. you're up.
Aye-aye. Ryder. sir.
- [Nano] We got plain. sprinkles. caramel...
- [Victoria] Okay.
[Nano and Victoria conversing
indistinctly]
- [Victoria] No. No. Pass.
- [Nano] Spicy ginger...
[Victoria] Ooh!
Surf's up.
So. we can't eat chocolate.
but we'll take your word for it.
We'll take your order now.
and you will get your cookies
in six to eight weeks.
[Victoria] That seems like a long time.
Skye? Skye? Where are you?
Zuma?
- Oh. it's good to see you.
- Time to bust out of here.
Power paws.
[yells]
Oh. I don't think so. [grunts]
[cackles]
Only one of you has powers!
Ha! You're no match for me!
We're a team.
When you go up against one of us.
you go up against all of us.
Fine. Have it your way.
- Chase!
- Got it.
Marshall!
Coming in hot!
[yells]
[Marshall yelping]
[Victoria grunting]
[Ryder] Rocky!
- [Victoria grunts]
- [Ryder] Look out!
Keep your hands off our vehicles.
- You tell her. Rocky!
- [both howl]
Rubble!
Power paws!
[grunts]
- Skye!
- On it.
Oh. no. you don't.
Chase!
[grunts]
[gasps]
[both scream]
[Liberty gasps] Look at me.
I'm... I'm stretchy!
That's my superpower!
I'm elastic and fantastic.
Uh. Liberty?
Can you please get us out of here?
No problem. [grunts]
Nice catch. Liberty!
I've been trying to be more flexible.
but this is ridiculous.
All right. puppies. playtime's over!
Give me back that crystal!
Zuma!
- Where'd he go?
- Over here. dude!
You got to be faster than that.
You can't hide forever!
[gasps. shrieks]
[groans]
These crystals belong to us. dude.
No!
It's time to shut down
that Meteor Magnet once and for all.
Hey. Rubble. Want to go for a ride?
Teamwork makes the dream work.
No! No! Stop! What are you doing?
Fire!
No!
Oh. yeah. How do you like me now?
[pups howl]
Victoria Vance. you are under arrest.
Ooh. you're in big trouble!
You'll have to catch me first!
Where do you think you're going?
[grunts]
[groans]
You mangy mutts think you're so smart.
but those meteors are coming down
whether you like it or not.
- [device beeps]
- She's telling the truth.
There's hundreds of meteors
heading straight for the city.
- What have you done?
- What can I say?
I guess I am a mad scientist. [cackles]
Finally. she admits it.
Skye. I need you to fly up there
and destroy as many
of those meteors as you can.
You still believe in me
after everything that's happened?
I've always believed in you. Skye.
You're the reason I started saying.
"No pup's too small."
I'll give it everything I got. Ryder.
Wait. If you're going up
against those meteors.
you better take all the power you can get.
We believe in you. Skye.
I won't let you down.
[jet engine whirrs]
Let's take to the sky.
Okay. pups. we've got a city
to evacuate. Let's move!
[energetic music playing]
[radar beeps]
Where are you?
There you are.
Activating targeting computer.
Let's do this.
[beeping]
Fire!
Time to turn and burn.
[jet whirrs]
Oh!
- I'm hit!
- [Ryder] Skye. are you okay?
I'm fine.
but I'm gonna have to ditch my jet.
All right. space rocks. what do you got?
[yells]
There are meteors headed
directly for Adventure City.
Evacuate the area immediately.
I repeat. evacuate the area!
Keep moving. everybody.
Only bring what's absolutely necessary!
Come on. Skye.
[grunts]
That's all of them. The sky is clear.
[radar beeping]
[Ryder] No. it's not.
Skye. there's a huge meteor incoming.
[Skye] I don't see anything.
Wait a second.
[meteor rumbling]
Oh no.
[gasps]
Skye. you've got to get out of there!
I can't do that. Ryder. I have to try.
[Ryder] Save yourself. Skye!
That meteor's too big!
No pup's too small.
[dramatic music playing]
No pup's too small!
[loud blast]
[all] Skye!
[somber music playing]
Skye!
[all] Skye!
[muffled shouting] Skye! Skye! Skye!
[thud]
Wait. What's that?
[music becomes triumphant]
[all] Whoa!
You see that right there?
That's why she's my favorite pup.
- Yeah. Skye!
- [all cheer] Yeah!
That was amazing.
I'm so proud of you. Skye.
That was the bravest thing I've ever seen.
- I don't believe it. She did it. Yeah!
- [citizens cheer]
- Whoo-hoo!
- Way to go. PAW Patrol!
[citizens cheer. applaud]
Give it up for Skye and the Mighty Pups!
[cheering and applause continue]
[Skye] We are the Mighty Pups.
defenders of Adventure City
and guardians
of all that's good in the world.
With these superpowers comes a duty
to protect all those who need our help.
Our promise is to always do what's right
and stop at nothing
to keep the world safe.
Because even the smallest pup...
can make the biggest difference.
- No rescue's too big...
- [chuckles] No pup's too small.
[pups howl]
[music concludes]
["Down Like That" playing]
♪ Hey! ♪
♪ Whoo! ♪
♪ You start your fires. keep people down ♪
♪ But you have no idea
Who you're messing with now ♪
♪ We take it higher. crank up the sound ♪
♪ If you think
You're gonna push us around ♪
♪ It isn't going down like that ♪
♪ It doesn't matter the mission
We got each other's backs ♪
- ♪ It isn't going down like that ♪
- ♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
- ♪ La. la. la. la. like that ♪
♪ We're taking over. coming in hot ♪
♪ Won't even break a sweat
Because we got it on lock ♪
♪ We bring the thunder
We'll give it all we got ♪
♪ You think we're backing down
Well. we're not ♪
♪ It isn't going down like that ♪
♪ It doesn't matter the mission
We got each other's backs ♪
- ♪ It isn't going down like that ♪
- ♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
- ♪ La. la. la. la. like that ♪
♪ We're coming out on top
You'll never break this crew ♪
♪ 'Cause we will never stop
No matter what you do ♪
♪ We're coming out on top
You'll never break this crew ♪
♪ 'Cause we will never stop
No matter what you do ♪
[vocalizes]
♪ It isn't going down like that ♪
♪ It doesn't matter the mission
We got each other's backs ♪
- ♪ It isn't going down like that ♪
- ♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
- ♪ La. la. la. la. like that ♪
♪ Come on! Whoo! ♪
♪ Whoo! ♪
♪ It isn't going down like that ♪
♪ It doesn't matter the mission
'We got each other's backs ♪
♪ It isn't going down like that ♪
- ♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
- ♪ Let's go! Whoo! ♪
- ♪ La. la. la. la. like that ♪
- ♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ La. la. la. la. like that ♪
- ♪ It isn't going down like that ♪
- ♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
- ♪ La. la. la. la. like that ♪
["Bark to the Beat" playing]
[Grace] ♪ It's a new day. it's a new dawn
If I fall down. keep a move on ♪
♪ See the blue sky down the sidewalk
Keep my head up. make my own luck ♪
♪ If the rain comes and the light's gone
Never too late to prove 'em all wrong ♪
♪ I'ma stand my ground
I'm livin' in the clouds ♪
♪ I'm livin' in the clouds
Yeah. yeah. yeah. I ♪
♪ Bark and I dance to my own song
Step by step on the way up ♪
♪ Sunshine by my side
I got music in my mind ♪
♪ I Bark and I dance to my own song
Bum-bum-bitty-bum. bitty-bum-bum ♪
♪ Right before your eyes
I'll be takin' flight ♪
♪ I bark to the beat ♪
♪ Bark. bark to the beat
I bark to the beat ♪
♪ Bark. bark to the bеat
And my heat and my heat and my ♪
[Blackbear] ♪ Yeah. uh
I bark to thе beat of my own hits ♪
♪ Ain't nobody do it like I do this
I had this dream when I turned six ♪
♪ When I turned 18. I proved it
Now I'd rather be me than be anyone ♪
♪ And I'm livin' every day
Like the last one ♪
♪ Good people by my side
Man. I really love my life ♪
♪ Livin' in the clouds ♪
♪ Hey Ma. look at me now
Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
[Grace and Blackbear]
♪ I Bark and I dance to my own song ♪
♪ Step by step on the way up ♪
♪ Sunshine by my side
I got music in my mind ♪
♪ I Bark and I dance to my own song
Bum-bum-bitty-bum. bitty-bum-bum ♪
♪ Right before your eyes
I'll be takin' flight ♪
♪ I bark to the beat ♪
- [Blackbear] ♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
- [Grace] ♪ Whoo! ♪
[Blackbear] ♪ Oh. oh. oh. oh
Said I bark to the. bark to the beat ♪
- [music concludes]
- [triumphant music playing]
[music concludes]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-